docs: tutorial and example project (#826)
minvws/nl-rdo-manon: examples/tutorial/README.md

# Tutorial

## Introduction

...

You can explore the source code of this tutorial on ...

## Installation

For this tutorial, we will be using `npm` to manage our dependencies. So, make
sure you have `npm` installed on your system. When you have this installed,
we're ready to start building our Manon project.

First, we need to create a new project directory and initialize it with npm.

```bash
mkdir manon-tutorial
cd manon-tutorial
npm init -y
```

Let's update our `package.json` to include the necessary dependencies.

```json
{
  "scripts": {
    "build": "sass --load-path=node_modules main.scss css/main.css"
  },
  "dependencies": {
    "@minvws/manon": "latest",
    "@minvws/manon-themes": "latest"
  },
  "devDependencies": {
    "sass": "^1.89.0"
  }
}
```

Let's break down what we've defined here:

- `@minvws/manon`: This is the core Manon framework that provides the basic
  styles and components.

- `@minvws/manon-themes`: This package contains the themes for Manon, allowing
  us to apply different styles to our components easily. We've provided

>   a basic theme called `basic-bold` that we will use in our project.

Author: I'm aware of this. However at this moment I wan't able to integrate it. I will find and replace when

```

Second, create a `main.scss` file in the root of your project directory. In
this file we're going to add the individual components that we're going to
use in our page, and the theme we want to apply.

```scss
// Import the Manon framework and its components
@use "@minvws/manon/application-base";

// Theme that we're going to use for our page
@use "@minvws/manon-themes/basic-bold";
```

Whenever you want to use additional components, you can import them in this
`main.scss` file. See the available components that you can use in the
[Manon documentation](https://manon.minvws.nl/). (TODO: add link to)

Now, we can build our styles by running the following command:

```bash
npm run build
```

Open the `index.html` file in your browser to see the result. You should see a
header with the text "Hello, Manon!" styled with the Manon framework.

## Layout

We're going to create a basic layout for our page using the Manon framework.
We'll start with the header, main content, and footer sections. The Manon framework provides

### Header

First, we need to import the header navigation component in our `main.scss` file:

```scss
@use "@minvws/manon/application-base";

// Add the following:

> @use "@minvws/manon/header-navigation";

Author: Wouldn't this result in lost syntax highlighting? For smaller code blocks where visual cues aren't as important, I can see how diff notation might be helpful. But for larger code blocks, I prefer to keep full syntax highlighting, it makes the code easier to read and understand. I also want to stay consistent throughout the document, so mixing diff blocks with language-specific blocks feels messy.

- Creating a basic page
- Creating a layout with header, main content, and footer
- Adding components to the page

We will do this by incrementally updating our project, following the likely steps
you would take when building a web page with Manon.

You can explore the final project and its source code [here]()

## Installation

For this tutorial, we will be using `npm` to manage our dependencies. So, make
sure you have `npm` installed on your system. When you have this installed,
we're ready to start building our Manon project.

First, we need to create a new project directory and initialize it with npm.

```bash
# Create a new directory for the project
mkdir manon-tutorial
cd manon-tutorial

# Initialize the project with npm
npm init -y
```

The `npm init -y` command will create a `package.json` file with default
values. This file will be used to manage our project dependencies and scripts.

Let's update our `package.json` to include the necessary dependencies. For
now we'll just replace the contents of the `package.json` file with the following:

```json
{
  "scripts": {
    "build": "sass --load-path=node_modules main.scss css/main.css"
  },
  "dependencies": {

>     "@minvws/manon": "latest",

Reviewer: Why 'latest' and not a fixed version?

>     "@minvws/manon-themes": "latest"

Author: Was indeed unsure about this one. Mainly because I didn't want to update the documentation with every version upgrade. But I reckon pinning this with `^` would make it more explicit and protect it against braking changes.

This command will read the `package.json` file and install the necessary
dependencies into a `node_modules` directory in our project. It will also
create a `package-lock.json` file that locks the versions of the installed
dependencies, ensuring that the same versions are used when the project is
installed in the future.

Once the installation is complete, we can start building our project.

## Create a basic page

In this section, we will create a basic page just to get started with, and
make sure everything is set up correctly.

First create a `index.html` file in the root of your project directory. This
will be the main HTML file for our page.

```html
<!doctype html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
    <title>Manon Tutorial</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="css/main.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Hello, Manon!</h1>
  </body>
</html>
```

Second, create a `main.scss` file in the root of your project directory. In
this file we're going to add the individual components that we're going to use
in our page, and the theme we want to apply. Throughout the tutorial, we'll be

> adding more components to these files as we build out our page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
adding more components to these files as we expand our page.
```
